Feat: migration guide Privy to reown (#491)
reown-com/reown-docs: appkit/migration/from-privy-next.mdx

---
title: Migration from Privy to AppKit
sidebarTitle: "From Privy"
---

<Note> 

> If you're migrating a React Privy dApp originally built with `create-react-app`, we recommend switching to **Vite** for better performance and developer experience. 
> You can check out our [examples](https://github.com/reown-com/appkit-web-examples) for a full implementation using **Vite + AppKit**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're migrating a React Privy dApp originally built with `create-react-app`, we recommend switching to **Vite** for improved performance and a better developer experience. 
You can check out our [examples](https://github.com/reown-com/appkit-web-examples) for a complete implementation using **Vite + AppKit**.
```

</Note>

Follow the steps below to migrate from a default Privy project (using Next.js Pages) to an **AppKit** project with wagmi.

### Step 1. Create a project in Reown Cloud

- Go to [Reown Cloud](http://cloud.reown.com).
- Create a new project and copy your Project ID — you'll need it later.

### Step 2. Install & uninstall libraries

Replace Privy dependencies with AppKit by running the following commands for your preferred package manager:
<CodeGroup>
```bash npm
npm install @reown/appkit @reown/appkit-adapter-wagmi && npm uninstall @privy-io/react-auth @privy-io/server-auth
```
```bash Yarn
yarn add @reown/appkit @reown/appkit-adapter-wagmi&& yarn remove @privy-io/react-auth @privy-io/server-auth
```
```bash Bun
bun add @reown/appkit @reown/appkit-adapter-wagmi && npm uninstall @privy-io/react-auth @privy-io/server-auth
```
```bash pnpm
pnpm add @reown/appkit @reown/appkit-adapter-wagmi && pnpm remove @privy-io/react-auth @privy-io/server-auth

> ```

Reviewer: @rtomas don't they need to install wagmi and viem as well?
